Update missing-data-visualising-missingness.md (#4196)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/project-design/missing-data/missing-data-visualising-missingness.md

---
height: 400px
name: msno-bar

> alt: Bar plot showing the number of non-missing (complete) values per variable in a fictional dataset, created using the `missingno` Python package. Each bar represents a column in the dataset: Age, Diastolic Blood Pressure, Systolic Blood Pressure, Blood Test Result, Motor Score and Cognitive Score. The height of each bar corresponds to the proportion of complete entries (left y-axis), while absolute counts are labelled at the top of each bar (e.g., Age and Motor Score both have all 8 values present). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
alt: Bar plot showing the number of non-missing (complete) values per variable in a fictional dataset, created using the `missingno` Python package. Each bar represents a column in the dataset: Age, Diastolic Blood Pressure, Systolic Blood Pressure, Blood Test Result, Motor Score and Cognitive Score. The height of each bar corresponds to the proportion of complete entries (left y-axis), while absolute counts are labelled at the top of each bar (for example, Age and Motor Score both have all 8 values present). 
```
